hurry up you've been in that for 20
minutes are you okay cuz I'm gonna be
late for school oh man what's wrong I've
been deleting like I think if I'm right
so let's jump online and like I think
that's what i have i have not had any
appetite and so tired haven't eaten
anything like all week and I'm like all
stopped up I can't go right like it's
been like I'm not diarrhea and it's
almost definitely feel nasty I would
like the pleating stuff when I get that
normal I think we should send take you
to the doctor right now really hey it's
not it's not just terror I do you think
we should go see the doctor I think
you're sure hey let's go I'm so badiy me
at you follow up appointment yeah i'm
dr. wrong ways I'm Chris I'm her
stepsister oh good last last time you
had your roommate right yeah I've got
good friends family that's really good
yeah we got your colonoscopy you results
back and we did a biopsy turns out that
you did have cancer within your colon
you had it in your transverse and you're
descending portion of the Coleman okay
with this what does that mean with
cancer oh good question cancer is a
growth that's developed by the body and
typically is a healing process but the
body finds out if there is cancer sends
that antibodies and typically destroys
it sometimes cancer is not found at any
grows and so we grew a room you grew
inside we do need to take a PET scan
which would be a test for they injected
died in your body scan your body that
part will be painless and we'll be able
to see if the cancer has moved outside
of your intestines well how did
that typically it's valiant obesity but
I could also be caused by smoking eating
red meat she does a lot of alcohol oh
she loves her wine and family history
and you know mom had it yeah yeah so and
what are the treatment options thanks
for after the appropriate stage you know
if the cancer is still inside your
intestines oh they would do a recession
where they remove the bad part of the
cancer out of the intestines seal it
that closed do a blood test to see if
the cancer is gone okay if it's not then
you'll be starting chemo and radiation
therapy okay so so can I get back now to
find out can I get that test now yeah we
could go on the front desk to set up
your appointment okay thank you
hemorrhoids really yeah don't think so
this is that will be here I'll be right
back tell your doctor that's it here ok
ok I'm just so tired I'll be right ok
you've got the Holy cancer welcome to
the club your colon camper
about a stage 4
what do you have there in your hand well
I just don't know
like in shock it's just any other smoke
I know dr. Coleman
so much stuff you have a low-fat
high-fiber diet you have the exercise
and you have to give up your alcohol and
you have to stop smoking you have to
listen to the
do you have any family
you
you have to start doing
do you want to end up like me look at me
I'm pink hair I know it's funny
thank you guys so much for coming I am
celebrating tigers ridiculous
you